1.  The system is password protected.  If the incorrect password is applied it could be that the image self destructs, or another booby trap could be present.  Beyond that when attempting to boot in standard mode, the message "THEFT DETECTED, ENGAGING SECURITY SYSTEMEXT2" is displayed, alerting us that the system knows it we are not its normal user(s).  After this displays, it is impossible to log into the system and the VM needs to be recreated.

2.  The subject runs an instance of Linux Solaris, x86.  See operating_system.txt for further details.  This was pulled from the Autopsy description of the disk image.

3. We were able to break into the system by booting into recovery mode, and then choosing to open a root shell in "network" mode from the recover menu.  Using the command "cut -d: -f1 /etc/passwd" we were able to grab a list of passwords from the target system.  This can be seen in /evidence/user_list.txt.  Some notable usernames include nefarious, haldemon, plkituser, and avahi.  Beyond that in the /home directory we see that there is another folder called nefarious.  This leads us to believe that nefarious is likely the primary user of the computer.

4. Yes, see /evidence/freenode.txt  The suspect has the username swolchok@swolchokhost.eecs.umich.edu in their freenode conversation.  It sounds like they are planning the get away after nefarous finishes killing the person in question.  He says "ill be waiting at 3:15"

9. There is a folder in /nefarious called hydra-5.4-src.  This is a tool to crack passwords and user login info.
  In /home/nearious/hydra-5.4-src/hydra-gtk/README the user says to email patches to snakebyte@gmx.de
  At this point I think we are suppossed to use the list of passwords in the users desktop and feed that to the password cracker described above
  In the users desktop there exists msf3 software, which is usually used to execute exploit code against a remote machine.
  Hydra is a tool used to used to brute force remote login passwords.
  Found freenode on his desktop, this is an IRC communication channel.
